## PROGRAM DESCRIPTION

In this assignment, you will read multiple lines of text from STDIN. The number of lines to be input is not specified. Read all input until EOF (ctrl-d for keyboard input.) Each line will have one entry or be blank. Ignore blank lines on input. Each entry will be a 32-digit binary value. Each entry will be compared to a list of binary values (stored as strings) , and you will output the index of the pattern (0-31) that is the closest match to the input patterns, or "error" if no pattern matches.


## PROGRAM DETAILS AND OTHER REQUIREMENTS

To keep things simple, you will input and treat the entries as Strings. How close an entry is to a matching pattern in the list is defined as the number of characters (bits) that differ in the two patterns. No difference (zero bits/characters difference) is the closest possible match. Seven characters difference is the largest possible difference that still counts as a match. Store the provided patterns in your program as a String array.

In this project you are required to modularize your code into several static functions to handle the primary tasks of the program. One function must take two strings(entries) as parameters and return a count of the number of bits/characters that differ. A second  function must compare (using the previous function) a parameter string to each of the patterns in the list, returning the index (0-31) of the closest (within seven, as above) match. If none of the patterns match, return -1.
Your main function will either print the returned index, or will print "error" ( in the -1 case.) Refer to the sample run below to see how to format output.